A notes file


Sarah Vix is fourteen or fifteen and can't stay out of trouble, primarily because she doesn't recognize what trouble looks like.  She's seen enough, but the image doesn't stick in her mind.  It's not a thing.  It's like the feeling of fright in a haunted house or on an roller coaster.  It evaporates.

There are consequenses and punishments, but they never seem connected to what everyone else refers to as the cause.  Sarah was sent off on various chores and visits, and people seemed very concerned when they did it.  Sarah didn't care much, execpt that most of the visits were no fun.

The visit to the humane society was particularly bad.  It was smelly and loud.  Sarah didn't like rolling the cart full of used cat litter from cage to cage, especially didn't like scooping more onto the cart.  The little bump that the cart went over in the door frame was particularly troublesome, as was the woman who yelled about sweeping that mess up.

When Sarah bothered to think about it, the whole situations seemed foolish.  This supervisor woman, Alberta, knew that Sarah was not here of her own free will.  And even if that didn't matter, a little help was better than nothing.  Would Allie rather haul all the litter or just sweep up a small mess by the door. To make it all more absurd, this was some kind of punishment for wandering around where she wasn't supposed to be.  How was cleaning up after abandoned animals related to exploring empty buildings?

----------------------

Rhona Bannock sat at her desk writing out flashcards.  They were lists of organs.  Animal organs.  On the back of the cards she wrote functions, descriptions, little lating phrases that had something to do with the viscera in question.  Rho did this meticulously, with an art pen that had a flat edge to it.  She gave the names calligraphic swirls and serifs.  The notes on the back were done with a fine line sharpie.  There was a box of colored pencils nearby which she would not be using in this project.

Rho had a long black braid and wide face.

There were fake candles around the room.  The big lighbulb in the small room kept everything well lit, but the candles flickered anyway.  When the lights would eventually go out, the candles would say on.

She debated between cards if she should turn on some music but always ended up starting the next card. 


---------------------

Edna Loveridge lived in a three room shack that was deep enough into the woods to not be seen by passers by, even when they wandered a bit into the brush.  On the far side of the woods was a traintrack border that announced itself a couple times per day. Edna lived alone, except for visitors.  There were quite a few visitors.

She was young, early 20s maybe. She'd bought the place with inheretence money.  It was sold as a cabin, which is realtor speak for 'no plumbing or electricity'.  One room was basically a closet with a bed.  Another was a utility room, with the dry storage and tools.  She cooked in there if the weather was bad, on a small propane stove.  The main room had a futon and table, books and newspapers, blankets and throw pillows.  It was cluttered in in a way that she knew intimately.




