Convieniently, the humane society building was less than a mile from Sarah's appartment building.  Following the road would make the walk twice as long, so she chose to cut throught the wooded park instead.

The humane society building was a dull cube with tall chain fences surrounding 2 sides, parking surrounding the other two.  Inside the front door was the country feel lobby with a tiny reception desk.  There were fliers and notices and scraps of paper taped all over the place.  The computer as a greying old box and the keyboard covered in worn plastic liner that was no longer transparent.

The furniture int he lobby was light wood with thick canvas padding.  It didn't look very well attached, and some was taped together. Dangling plants filled up each corner. The floor was stained lenoleum. The single large window made the room feel like the inside of a terrarium and didn't help much with the dimness.

Past the desk, through the door was a hallway.  All the rooms on the left were filled with cages.  All the rooms on the right looked like doctor office rooms, which they were, but for animals.  There was only one veteranarian on staff, but others would come in from nearby animal clinics.  There were other rooms at the end of the hall: one janatorial closet and the locked door to the incenerator.

Ouside, the fenced in dog runs were worn down to hard dirt.  Behind the building was field with trees on the far side.  It was a city park and they would take some of the nicer animals out for walks there.  The park went a long ways from there.  It followed a creek through the city for a few miles until the water was funneled into concrete sluices.  In the other direction it ran beneath an overpass and away between the backyards of houses.

The park had a wild appearance. The creek was large enough that you couldn't jump across it, but there were enough large rocks to get by without problems. Large plants sprung up on the bank of the creek and sometimes from the gravel in the middle of it.  In a heavy rain the water climb out into the grass and make it look like a small riverbed.  Rows of trees grew as natural fence on the left and right edges of the park  Every now and then a copse would still be standing near the water or in the middle of the grass.  The grass was mown in most places, but there were rows of person size native grass with small signs beside it. The whole park was windy, zig zagging along with the creek.

Behind the tree walls were neighborhood houses and the occasional appartment building.  Most had a fence up but some didn't. Those were easier to spot, since they had foot trails leading from the park through the yards.  Every now and then Sarah would spot beach pails and shoves, or food wrappers left beside the creek.  There were not a lot of kids living along the park, but she could guess which debris belong to which kid.

Half a mile up the creek from the animal shelter was Sarah's appartment where she lived with her mom. It had two bedrooms, unlike the last one which only had one.  The kitchen was still part off the living room.  It was mostly a clean white. Sarah's mom had decorated it to blend in well with the living room, at the cost of all kitching looking items being hidden somewhere or another.

The building itself was white, with dark brown lumber looking trim.  The windows had fake slatted shutters mounted beside each window.  More than half had air conditioner units jutting out the side of the building.  The hallways were dim with a boring blue carpet.  Sarah could see her ground floor window from the park, but had to walk around to the front to get to the door.  She had hung a blanket over the window.  It had a geometric pattern she liked and functioned as a blackout curtain.

The interior of her room was a collage.  There was the main light, and then 4 lamps with solid colored bulbs.  Magazine and paper clippings were taped over the reachable sections of one wall.  Posters were plastered over the opposite wall, in an uneven and overlapping pattern. The floor was mostly covered with clothes and art supplies and books. The bed was 2 matresses pressed into a corner with neon sheets.  A "happy birthday" banner was hanging from one string.  The dresser top was covered with jewelry, found objects, and a single plant which grew over the side and halfway to the ground.


